Completed codepen : https://codepen.io/francisco-barrios/pen/BaoByBa?editors=1100
   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   HTML that gives meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type and we put it in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is mainly used for the main header title, however it can be used multiple times as long as it's not spammed
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href 
    img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
   The <head> tag
    7. What is an id? 
   A unique identifier which is used to specify the document
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be used on any tag/element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Multiple 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags)
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    the alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Making the website pretty 
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using element selector (example h2 {})
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
        this would be useful when you want to modify the child but not the parent selector and grants a relation between two elements 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a href{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing property. example: letter-spacing:(num#)px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      text-transform:uppercase;  text-transform:lowercase;  text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    wildcard *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    $rm we have to becareful with this because there's no warnings and it's irrevirsable 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is important for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on. 
    Using version control software helps you keep track of changes.
    As well as keep every team member working off the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 15-20mins or whenever we make a breakthru 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Create your own version of this repo - Fork
    Add your PM as a collaborator
    Clone this repo
    Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
    Add your name to the list of names below.
    Run your usual git commands or adding/commiting and pushing Be sure to push to your branch
    Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
    Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> master).
    Add your PM as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
    PM then will count the Assignment as done by merging the HW back into master "STUDENT FORK". 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    You can't put block elements inside inline elements.
    By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed .
     The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    by using the div tag to section them off for their own values/properties and using CSS
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 